doc: Clarify Spending time on the test (#15)
Aviv-public/Aviv-Web-Technical-Test: README.md

Before digging into the test, please note the following expectations:

- You should allow between **90 minutes - 180 minutes** for this test, including the discovery phase;

>   - Please, indicate on the (./SOLUTION.md) file how many time you spent on the test

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Please, indicate on the [SOLUTION.md](./SOLUTION.md) file how many time you spent on the test
```

> - Please, indicate on the [SOLUTION.md](./SOLUTION.md) file how many time you spent on the test

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Please, indicate on the [SOLUTION.md](./SOLUTION.md) file how long you spent on the test;
```
